Did I read the Heaven and Earth statue wrong?
It's really working.
Impossible to go first
If Heaven and Earth knew this dumpling
I'll rip my head off and kick him like a ball
What's going on here?
Ah!
Big Brother
heaven and earth
Heaven and earth appeared
How is that possible?
How could Heaven and Earth help him?
As the sky and the earth rose, it was once said
Unless there is a disaster in the sect, it will only appear
There must be a sect where the statue has never appeared for hundreds of years
Now I'm helping him
Could it be that he really knows heaven and earth?
Impossible Ancestors How heaven and earth exist
Even his ancestors
It can't have anything to do with heaven and earth
Hahaha, I see.
You must have insulted the idol just now
Heaven and earth are angry
This is the manifestation
Wang Tao blocked the issue just now.
That's what it is.
What Heaven and Earth really wanted to kill was a wild pet of the Lin family
Do you recognize this thing?
This natural enemy order
This is the order of heaven and earth that has been lost for many years
If so
You should know
Those who know this thing serve heaven and earth
What do you want to do?
Tianzong is in the hands of your gang
Has been reduced to a third-rate scholar
I want to be in charge of Tianzong
Don't hold on to this, absolutely
That's right, elders
Don't be teased by him.
I have known this ugly man for decades
He's just a dog from my neighbor's house
It is impossible for him to know Tianzun
This token
I don't know where he got the counterfeit from.
Fake, yeah.
This world has lost you for many years
This token
It's just that this wild pet is faking one after another
But the stakes are high.
I know very well how many taels of wild seeds Elder Gu has
He and I are like a hero
Extraordinary words
There's no escape.
Let me do it myself
Do your best to kill
I will take all the responsibility
OK
Stop